Deprecate MASTG-TOOL-0046 (Cycript), MASTG-TOOL-0047 (Cydia), MASTG-TOOL-0023 (RootCloak) and Add MASTG-TOOL-0142 (Choicy), MASTG-TOOL-0141 (IOSSecuritySuite), MASTG-TOOL-0139 (ElleKit), MASTG-TOOL-0138 (ipainstaller), MASTG-TOOL-0137 (GlobalWebInspect), MASTG-TOOL-0140 (frida-multiple-unpinning) (#3354)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0067.md

platform: ios
---

> Life is easy with a jailbroken device: not only do you gain easy privileged access to the device, the lack of code signing allows you to use more powerful dynamic analysis techniques. On iOS, most dynamic analysis tools are based on @MASTG-TOOL-0139, a framework for developing runtime patches, or Frida, a dynamic introspection tool. For basic API monitoring, you can get away with not knowing all the details of how ElleKit or Frida work - you can simply use existing API monitoring tools.

Reviewer: "Life is easy" sounds too casual for professional documentation:

```suggestion
Jailbreaking a device simplifies many aspects of dynamic analysis. It provides privileged access and removes code signing restrictions, enabling the use of more powerful tools and techniques. On iOS, most dynamic analysis tools are based on @MASTG-TOOL-0139, a framework for developing runtime patches, or Frida, a dynamic introspection tool. For basic API monitoring, you can get away with not knowing all the details of how ElleKit or Frida work - you can simply use existing API monitoring tools.
```
